now where to begin
my mother named me anola which
backwards spells alone and yet
we were always together
and it was wonderful she was my whole
world
[Music]
which leads me on to the second thing
you need to know a week ago i awoke
mother to find that my mother was
missing and she did not return i'm
presently on the way to collect my
brothers
mycroft and sherlock yes sherlock holmes
the famous detective my genius brother
he will have all the answers
and nola what's your hat in your gloves
well i have a hat
just makes my head itch and i have no
gloves my god
a wild woman brought up a wild child
who will make her acceptable for society
she seems intelligent there are two
calls you can take another
yours or the path others choose for you
it is time to find my mother the game is
a foot
if i have to stay hidden from my
brothers
i must become something
unexpected
a lady
you've progressed nicely
is she safe she's our company i'm vice
camp chukersbury a
useless boy you have to help me i'm not
ready to die on a train i'm not ready to
die at all and i wasn't going to before
i met you
what are you planning mother
she always had a reason for everything
her own way of doing things perhaps she
wants to change the world
perhaps it's a world that needs changing
come on unlike most well-bred ladies
i was never taught to embroider i was
taught to watch
and listen i was taught to fight
i'm coming to find you mother
[Music]
you don't know how to embroider
you